Thank you for reviewing my app.

Re: Please revise the app to ensure that users can use it upon launch. If the app requires authentication before use, please use methods that can authenticate users from within the app.

The ONE-OF-US.NET effort promotes a different paradigm - an open, decentralized identity network usable by any service (The Nerdster obviously, but also, say, Reddit, Lyft, Airbnb, eBay, X, etc..). It's described at https://one-of-us.net and includes a video tour, but briefly:
- People use an identity app (ie. ONE-OF-US.NET phone app) and their private identity key to sign other people's public identity keys. This builds the network, can't be forged, and distributes the knowledge of whose keys are whose.
- People use their identity app to sign delegate keys for services and give those keys to those services so that anyone that recognizes an identity can recognize that the activity on a service was made by that same identity.
- People's identity keys stay on their identity apps; they're not given to the delegate services. The services need:
  - the public identity key of the person
  - a private delegate key to use to sign created content

It doesn't make sense to use the Nerdster without an identity app.
If a person didn't use an identity and didn't know which people he/she believed were real people, then the Nerdster would be fairly useless - you wouldn't see other folks' content and no-one would see yours.

I added the "developer" feature of signing in to the Nerdster by copy/pasting keys directly and included instructions and the keys to use in my submission in the "App Review Information" under "Notes". 
This is to allow you at Apple to use the Nerdster without building a network or using the ONE-OF-US.NET app. 
The keys I provided use a fake/test/demo network (The Simpsons Bot Farm where you trust Lisa Simpson and can see content from family and townspeople).

The Nerdster supports these ways of signing in:
- Desktop: Nerdster desktop sign-in at https://nerdster.org (not the Nerdster iPhone app): Show the identity app (ie. ONE-OF-US.NET) a QR code with Sign In Parameters. The identity app then transmits keys to the provided URL matching the domain.
- Phone: When the Nerdster is run on the same device as the ONE-OF-US.NET phone app (either as a web app or phone app), it can use the URL Scheme keymeid:// or the App Link https://one-of-us.net to transmit the Sign In Parameters to the identity app on the same device.
- Developer mode (requires 7 clicks on the text "Sign in using:"): The user can directly copy/paste the required keys.

If it would help, I can make Copy/Paste Sign In always available (without having to tap "Sign in using:" 7 times).

Below are keys you can use to sign in using a fake/test/demo identity that trusts the demo Lisa Simpson.
As this fake/test/demo identity is not trusted by anyone, you should feel invited to freely rate, comment, follow or block other identities, etc..

{
    "nerdster.org": {
        "crv": "Ed25519",
        "d": "aqQQ8Uemm29IuP52iofBexLZvLH4C5KKXDpXps7_45M",
        "kty": "OKP",
        "x": "20c1w0tGrdwZgpVOA9S9AfCs9MQBBRVuOiNxYg7vO4A"
    },
    "identity": {
        "crv": "Ed25519",
        "kty": "OKP",
        "x": "HK8iy7bH8ccq8zXxaKCeZxoZad7_4Y-7UIJn7UfJNvE"
    }
}

Thanks again!

